{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We will [continue to] model a game of medieval times. Our world is filled with not only warriors but also nobles. Nobles don't have much to do except do battle with each other. (We'll leave the feasting and other entertainments for add-ons.) Warriors don't have much to do except hire out to a noble and fight in his behalf. Of course the nobles are pretty wimpy themselves and will lose if they don't have warriors to defend them. How does all this work?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Warriors start out with a specified strength.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A battle between nobles is won by the noble who commands the stronger army.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The army's strength is simply the combined strengths of all its warriors.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A battle is to the death. The losing noble dies as does his warriors.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The winner does not usually walk away unscarred. All his men lose a portion of their strength equal to the ratio of the enemy army's combined strenth to their army's. If the losing army had a combined strength that was 1/4 the size of the winning army's, then each soldier in the winning army will have their own strength reduced by 1/4.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Hiring and Firing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Warriors are hired and fired by Nobles. Lack of adequate labor laws, have left the Warriors without the ability to quit, nor even to have a say on whether or not a Noble can hire them.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 However it is possible that an attempt to hire or fire may fail. Naturally the methods should not "fail silently". Instead, they will return true or false depending on whether they succeed or not.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A Warrior can only be employed by one Noble at a time and\'a0
\f2\i cannot
\f0\i0 \'a0be hired away if he is already employed.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As noted below, Nobles who are dead can neither hire nor fire anyone. (Note this will\'a0
\f2\i implicitly
\f0\i0 \'a0prevent dead Warriors from being hired.)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When a warrior is fired, he is no longer part of the army of the Noble that hired him. He is then free to be hired by another Noble.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How do you remove something from a vector.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 While there are techniques that make use of iterators, we have not yet discussed iterators so you will not use them here. (As a heads up, if you see a technique that requires you to call a vector's begin() method, that is using iterators. Don't use it.)\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 While it may seem a slight burden, certainly it does not require more than a simple loop to remove an item from a vector. No\'a0\ul do not\ulnone \'a0do something silly like create a whole new vector.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Soon we will cover iterators and then you will be freed from these constraints. Patience, please.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Death\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 It's a sad topic, but one we do have to address.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 People die when they lose a battle, whether they are a Nobles or Warriors.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nobles who are dead are in no position to hire or fire anyone. Any attempt by a dead Lord to hire someone will simply fail and the Warrior will remain unhired.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 However curiously, as has been seen before, Nobles can declare battle even though they are dead.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Note that when a Noble is created he does not have any strength. At the same time he is obviously alive. So lack of strength and being dead are clearly\'a0
\f2\i not
\f0\i0 \'a0equivalent.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A test program and output are attached. Note that the output shown is what you are\'a0\ul expected\ulnone \'a0to generate. Pardon us, we don't like limiting your creativity, but having your output consistent with ours makes the first step of grading a bit easier. And also helps you to be more confident that your code works.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa180\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 Programming Constraints\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 What would a homework assignment be without unnecessary and unreasonable constraints?\
Your classes must satisfy the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The battle method will announce who is battling whom, and the result (as shown in the example output).\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If one or both of the nobles is already dead, just report that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The "winner" doesn't win anything for kicking around a dead guy. And his warriors don't use up any strength.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Look at the\'a0output\'a0for the sample test program to see what you should be displaying.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A noble's army is a\'a0
\f1\b \ul vector of pointers
\f0\b0 \ulnone \'a0to warriors. Warriors will be ordered in the army by the order in which they were\'a0
\f2\i hired
\f0\i0 . That affects how you remove a Warrior thatgets fired.\cb1 \
}